\input texinfo
@setfilename psosh.info
@documentencoding iso-8859-1
@settitle psosh
@direntry
* psosh: (psosh).               starts a pseudo-shell to access Photon data
@end direntry

@node Top
@top psosh

@noindent
@anchor{name}
@chapheading Name

psosh --- starts a pseudo-shell to access Photon data

@noindent
@anchor{synopsis}
@chapheading Synopsis

@noindent
@anchor{Getting [minimal] help;}
@heading Getting (minimal) help:

@samp{psosh -h|--help|-?}

@noindent
@anchor{Running normally;}
@heading Running normally:

@samp{psosh -a|--address} @emph{quasar_address }

@noindent
@anchor{DESCRIPTION}
@chapheading DESCRIPTION

psosh is a pseudo-shell allowing access to the data in the 
shared-memory used by the Photon software.

This program supports a very limited number of standard Bourne shell commands 
(and a few equivalent DOS commands). See the section 
@strong{COMMANDS}
for a list of supported commands (and syntax).

@noindent
@anchor{OPTIONS}
@chapheading OPTIONS

@table @asis

@item @code{-a}, @code{--address} @var{quasar_address}
The TCP port for the Photon server (quasar).

@item @code{-h}, @code{-?}, @code{--help}
Minimal help including a list of supported commands.
@end table

@noindent
@anchor{Commands}
@chapheading Commands

The syntax of the commands is simpler than the equivalent Bourne shell 
commands - most commands take no options.

Names of objects (data containers) can be either absolute (starting with /)
or relative to the current folder (see the @strong{cd
} command for an explanation on how to change the current folder).

@table @asis

@item @strong{cat} @var{object_name}
Display the content of the object named object_name. The data is
formatted using the metadata information of the object and is
displayed as a comma separated list.

@item @strong{cd} @var{}
Without a name, change the current folder to "/". Change the current 
folder to folder_name.

@item @strong{cp} @var{ source_name dest_name}
Copy the source_name object to the dest_name object.

@strong{Warning:  }
dest_name is not overwritten if it already exists.

@item @strong{del/rm} @var{ object_name}
Delete the data container named object_name.

@item @strong{dir/ls} @var{}
Without a name, list the objects of the current folder. List the 
objects of the folder folder_name.

@item @strong{echo }@var{ data > object_name }
Insert a record into the data container named @emph{ object_name
}. 
The key should be used for hash
maps (if the key exists, the data will be replaced instead of being
inserted).

The data should be a list of comma-separated values. The whole list
must be quoted using apostrophes.

Note: binary data should be entered using an hexadecimal format (the
binary data can start with the optional prefix "0x").

@item @strong{exit/quit}
Exit the program.

@item @strong{free}
Display the amount of used/free memory (main allocator).

@item @strong{help/man}
Display the current list of commands.

@item @strong{mkdir} @var{ folder_name}
Create a new folder.

@item @strong{pwd}
Display the current folder.

@item @strong{rmdir} @var{ folder_name}
Delete the folder named folder_name.

@item @strong{stat} @var{ object_name}
Show the status of the object named @emph{object_name}.

@item @strong{touch -h|-q} @var{ object_name}
Create a new object named object_name of the specified type:

@multitable @columnfractions 1
@item
-h or --hashmap: a hash map
@item
-q or --queue: a FIFO queue
@end multitable

@item @strong{touch -x|--xml} @var{ xml_text}
Create a new object using the provided xml text (the xml is of course
based on the XSD schema for Photon).

Note: the xml text must be quoted, using apostrophes.
@end table

@noindent
@anchor{REPORTING BUGS}
@chapheading REPORTING BUGS

Report bugs to <dprevost@@photonsoftware.org>.

@noindent
@anchor{COPYRIGHT}
@chapheading COPYRIGHT

Copyright @copyright{} 2008 Daniel Pr@'evost.

@bye
