.TH "psoBasicObjectDef" 3 "12 Dec 2008" "Version 0.4.0" "Photon Software" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
psoBasicObjectDef \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <psoCommon.h>\fP
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This struct contains the basic elements defining an object (type, number of fields, etc). 

This struct will be expanded in the near future to add hints to the framework for better utilization of resources (cpu, RAM).
.PP
For exmple: the expected minimal number of data records can be used to preallocate the internal hash array (avoiding unneeded Resize() and potential memory fragmentation). 
.PP
Definition at line 230 of file psoCommon.h.
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBpsoObjectType\fP \fBtype\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe object type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpsoUint32\fP \fBnumFields\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of fields in the definition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpsoKeyDefinition\fP \fBkey\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe data definition of the key (hash map/fast map only). \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBpsoObjectType\fP \fBpsoBasicObjectDef::type\fP"
.PP
The object type. 
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 233 of file psoCommon.h.
.SS "\fBpsoUint32\fP \fBpsoBasicObjectDef::numFields\fP"
.PP
The number of fields in the definition. 
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 236 of file psoCommon.h.
.SS "\fBpsoKeyDefinition\fP \fBpsoBasicObjectDef::key\fP"
.PP
The data definition of the key (hash map/fast map only). 
.PP
Definition at line 239 of file psoCommon.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Photon Software from the source code.
