.TH "psoDefinition" 3 "13 Oct 2008" "Version 0.3" "Photon C++ API" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
psoDefinition \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 39 of file psoDefinition.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpsoDefinition\fP (size_t numberOfFields)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstruct a data-container definition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~psoDefinition\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBAddKey\fP (psoKeyType type, size_t length, size_t minLength, size_t maxLength)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd a key to the definition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBAddField\fP (std::string &name, psoFieldType type, size_t length, size_t minLength, size_t maxLength, size_t precision, size_t scale)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBAddField\fP (const char *name, size_t nameLength, psoFieldType type, size_t length, size_t minLength, size_t maxLength, size_t precision, size_t scale)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBObjectType\fP (psoObjectType type)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBReset\fP (size_t numberOfFields)"
.br
.RI "\fIReset the object to be reused for another data container. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const psoObjectDefinition & \fBGetDef\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a reference to the definition. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "psoObjectDefinition * \fBpDefinition\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe definition itself. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBcurrentField\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIterator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBkeyAdded\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIwas the key added? \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "psoDefinition::psoDefinition (size_t numberOfFields)"
.PP
Construct a data-container definition. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInumberOfFields\fP The number of data fields.
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpsoException\fP An abnormal error occured. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual psoDefinition::~psoDefinition ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void psoDefinition::AddKey (psoKeyType type, size_t length, size_t minLength, size_t maxLength)"
.PP
Add a key to the definition. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItype\fP The data type of the key. 
.br
\fIlength\fP The length of the key for fixed-length data types. 
.br
\fIminLength\fP The minimal length of the key for variable-length data types. 
.br
\fImaxLength\fP The maximal length of the key for variable-length data types. A value of zero indicates an infinite value (limited by the amount of shared memory, evidently).
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpsoException\fP An abnormal error occured. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void psoDefinition::AddField (std::string & name, psoFieldType type, size_t length, size_t minLength, size_t maxLength, size_t precision, size_t scale)"
.PP
.SS "void psoDefinition::AddField (const char * name, size_t nameLength, psoFieldType type, size_t length, size_t minLength, size_t maxLength, size_t precision, size_t scale)"
.PP
.SS "void psoDefinition::ObjectType (psoObjectType type)"
.PP
.SS "void psoDefinition::Reset (size_t numberOfFields)"
.PP
Reset the object to be reused for another data container. 
.PP
.SS "const psoObjectDefinition& psoDefinition::GetDef ()"
.PP
Returns a reference to the definition. 
.PP
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "psoObjectDefinition* \fBpsoDefinition::pDefinition\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
The definition itself. 
.PP
Definition at line 102 of file psoDefinition.
.SS "size_t \fBpsoDefinition::currentField\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Iterator. 
.PP
Definition at line 105 of file psoDefinition.
.SS "bool \fBpsoDefinition::keyAdded\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
was the key added? 
.PP
Definition at line 108 of file psoDefinition.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Photon C++ API from the source code.
