.TH "pso::DataDefBuilderODBC" 3 "23 Apr 2009" "Version 0.5.0" "Photon C++ API" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
pso::DataDefBuilderODBC \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This class is a helper class to build the data definition of Photon objects when the definition is ODBC like. 

It should be noted that you do not have to use this class, the data definition can be set or retrieved directly as an array of bytes.
.PP
Internally, this class will set the data definition as an array of psoFieldDefinition struct. 
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file DataDefBuilderODBC.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataDefBuilderODBC\fP (psoUint32 \fBnumFields\fP, bool simple=true)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstruct a data-container definition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~DataDefBuilderODBC\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBAddField\fP (std::string &name, psoFieldType type, psoUint32 length, psoUint32 precision, psoUint32 scale)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd a field to the definition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBAddField\fP (const char *name, psoUint32 nameLength, psoFieldType type, psoUint32 length, psoUint32 precision, psoUint32 scale)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd a field to the definition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const unsigned char * \fBGetDefinition\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIRetrieve the fields definition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "psoUint32 \fBGetDefLength\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the length, in bytes, of the definition. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "psoFieldDefinition * \fBfields\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe C struct array holding the definition of the fields. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "psoUint32 \fBnumFields\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINumber of fields in the definition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "psoUint32 \fBcurrentField\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIterator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBsimpleDef\fP"
.br
.RI "\fItrue if the definition type is odbc simple, false otherwise. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "pso::DataDefBuilderODBC::DataDefBuilderODBC (psoUint32 numFields, bool simple = \fCtrue\fP)"
.PP
Construct a data-container definition. 
.PP
Use this constructor to build a definition to create new Photon objects.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInumFields\fP The number of data fields. 
.br
\fIsimple\fP Set this to true if the definition type is 'simple' (fixed length fields) or false if not.
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpso::Exception\fP An abnormal error occured. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual pso::DataDefBuilderODBC::~DataDefBuilderODBC ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void pso::DataDefBuilderODBC::AddField (std::string & name, psoFieldType type, psoUint32 length, psoUint32 precision, psoUint32 scale)"
.PP
Add a field to the definition. 
.PP
Fields must be added in order.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP The name of the field 
.br
\fItype\fP The data type of the field. 
.br
\fIlength\fP The length of the key (needed for some data types). 
.br
\fIprecision\fP The number of digits of a numeric field (not counting the separator or the sign). 
.br
\fIscale\fP The number of digits after the separator of a numeric field.
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpso::Exception\fP An abnormal error occured. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void pso::DataDefBuilderODBC::AddField (const char * name, psoUint32 nameLength, psoFieldType type, psoUint32 length, psoUint32 precision, psoUint32 scale)"
.PP
Add a field to the definition. 
.PP
Fields must be added in order.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP The name of the field 
.br
\fInameLength\fP The length of the name (in bytes). 
.br
\fItype\fP The data type of the field. 
.br
\fIlength\fP The length of the key (needed for some data types). 
.br
\fIprecision\fP The number of digits of a numeric field (not counting the separator or the sign). 
.br
\fIscale\fP The number of digits after the separator of a numeric field.
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpso::Exception\fP An abnormal error occured. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const unsigned char* pso::DataDefBuilderODBC::GetDefinition ()"
.PP
Retrieve the fields definition. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The definition of the fields as an array of bytes. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "psoUint32 pso::DataDefBuilderODBC::GetDefLength ()"
.PP
Returns the length, in bytes, of the definition. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The length, in bytes, of the definition 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "psoFieldDefinition* \fBpso::DataDefBuilderODBC::fields\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
The C struct array holding the definition of the fields. 
.PP
Definition at line 125 of file DataDefBuilderODBC.
.SS "psoUint32 \fBpso::DataDefBuilderODBC::numFields\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Number of fields in the definition. 
.PP
Definition at line 128 of file DataDefBuilderODBC.
.SS "psoUint32 \fBpso::DataDefBuilderODBC::currentField\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Iterator. 
.PP
Definition at line 131 of file DataDefBuilderODBC.
.SS "bool \fBpso::DataDefBuilderODBC::simpleDef\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
true if the definition type is odbc simple, false otherwise. 
.PP
Definition at line 134 of file DataDefBuilderODBC.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Photon C++ API from the source code.
