.TH "psoFolder.h" 3 "6 Dec 2008" "Version 0.4.0" "Photon Software" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
psoFolder.h \- 
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This file provides the API needed to access a Photon folder. 


.PP
Definition in file \fBpsoFolder.h\fP.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <photon/psoCommon.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoFolderClose\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP objectHandle)"
.br
.RI "\fIClose a folder. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoFolderCreateObject\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP folderHandle, const char *objectName, \fBpsoUint32\fP nameLengthInBytes, \fBpsoObjectDefinition\fP *pDefinition)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a new object in shared memory as a child of the current folder. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoFolderCreateObjectXML\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP folderHandle, const char *xmlBuffer, \fBpsoUint32\fP lengthInBytes)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a new object in shared memory as a child of the current folder. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoFolderDestroyObject\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP folderHandle, const char *objectName, \fBpsoUint32\fP nameLengthInBytes)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestroy an object, child of the current folder, in shared memory. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoFolderGetFirst\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, \fBpsoFolderEntry\fP *pEntry)"
.br
.RI "\fIIterate through the folder - no data items are removed from the folder by this function. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoFolderGetNext\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, \fBpsoFolderEntry\fP *pEntry)"
.br
.RI "\fIIterate through the folder. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoFolderOpen\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP sessionHandle, const char *folderName, \fBpsoUint32\fP nameLengthInBytes, \fBPSO_HANDLE\fP *objectHandle)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpen an existing folder (see \fBpsoCreateObject\fP to create a new folder). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoFolderStatus\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, \fBpsoObjStatus\fP *pStatus)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the status of the folder. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Photon Software from the source code.
