.TH "psoFieldDefinition" 3 "6 Dec 2008" "Version 0.4.0" "Photon Software" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
psoFieldDefinition \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <psoCommon.h>\fP
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Description of the structure of the data (if any). 

This structure is aligned in such a way that you can do:
.PP
malloc( offsetof(psoObjectDefinition, fields) + numFields * sizeof(psoFieldDefinition) ); 
.PP
Definition at line 193 of file psoCommon.h.
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBname\fP [PSO_MAX_FIELD_LENGTH]"
.br
.RI "\fIThe name of the field. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBpsoFieldType\fP \fBtype\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe data type of the field/. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpsoUint32\fP \fBlength\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFor fixed-length data types. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpsoUint32\fP \fBminLength\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFor variable-length data types. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpsoUint32\fP \fBmaxLength\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFor variable-length data types. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpsoUint32\fP \fBprecision\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITotal number of digits in the decimal field. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpsoUint32\fP \fBscale\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINumber of digits following the decimal separator. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char \fBpsoFieldDefinition::name\fP[PSO_MAX_FIELD_LENGTH]"
.PP
The name of the field. 
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 196 of file psoCommon.h.
.SS "enum \fBpsoFieldType\fP \fBpsoFieldDefinition::type\fP"
.PP
The data type of the field/. 
.PP
Definition at line 199 of file psoCommon.h.
.SS "\fBpsoUint32\fP \fBpsoFieldDefinition::length\fP"
.PP
For fixed-length data types. 
.PP
Definition at line 202 of file psoCommon.h.
.SS "\fBpsoUint32\fP \fBpsoFieldDefinition::minLength\fP"
.PP
For variable-length data types. 
.PP
Definition at line 205 of file psoCommon.h.
.SS "\fBpsoUint32\fP \fBpsoFieldDefinition::maxLength\fP"
.PP
For variable-length data types. 
.PP
Definition at line 208 of file psoCommon.h.
.SS "\fBpsoUint32\fP \fBpsoFieldDefinition::precision\fP"
.PP
Total number of digits in the decimal field. 
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 211 of file psoCommon.h.
.SS "\fBpsoUint32\fP \fBpsoFieldDefinition::scale\fP"
.PP
Number of digits following the decimal separator. 
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 214 of file psoCommon.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Photon Software from the source code.
