.TH "psoFolderEntry" 3 "13 Oct 2008" "Version 0.3.0" "Photon Software" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
psoFolderEntry \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <psoCommon.h>\fP
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This data structure is used to iterate throught all objects in a folder. 

Note: the actual name of an object (and the length of this name) might vary if you are using different locales (internally, names are stored as wide characters (4 bytes)). 
.PP
Definition at line 235 of file psoCommon.h.
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpsoObjectType\fP \fBtype\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe object type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstatus\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStatus (created but not committed, etc. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBnameLengthInBytes\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe actual length (in bytes)of the name of the object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBname\fP [PSO_MAX_NAME_LENGTH]"
.br
.RI "\fIThe name of the object. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBpsoObjectType\fP \fBpsoFolderEntry::type\fP"
.PP
The object type. 
.PP
Definition at line 238 of file psoCommon.h.
.SS "int \fBpsoFolderEntry::status\fP"
.PP
Status (created but not committed, etc. 
.PP
). 
.PP
Definition at line 241 of file psoCommon.h.
.SS "size_t \fBpsoFolderEntry::nameLengthInBytes\fP"
.PP
The actual length (in bytes)of the name of the object. 
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 244 of file psoCommon.h.
.SS "char \fBpsoFolderEntry::name\fP[PSO_MAX_NAME_LENGTH]"
.PP
The name of the object. 
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 247 of file psoCommon.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Photon Software from the source code.
