.TH "pso::KeyDefBuilderODBC" 3 "23 Apr 2009" "Version 0.5.0" "Photon C++ API" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
pso::KeyDefBuilderODBC \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This class is a wrapper for the C struct psoObjectDefinition. 

It's main pupose is to encapsulate the memory management of the C struct. 
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file KeyDefBuilderODBC.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBKeyDefBuilderODBC\fP (psoUint32 numKeyFields, bool simple=true)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstruct a data-container definition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~KeyDefBuilderODBC\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBAddKeyField\fP (std::string &name, psoKeyType type, psoUint32 length)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd a key field to the definition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBAddKeyField\fP (const char *name, psoUint32 nameLength, psoKeyType type, psoUint32 length)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd a field to the definition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const unsigned char * \fBGetDefinition\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIRetrieve the key definition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual psoUint32 \fBGetDefLength\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the length, in bytes, of the definition. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "psoKeyFieldDefinition * \fBkeys\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe C struct array holding the definition of the key fields. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "psoUint32 \fBnumKeys\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINumber of keys in the definition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "psoUint32 \fBcurrentKey\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIterator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBsimpleDef\fP"
.br
.RI "\fItrue if the definition type is odbc simple, false otherwise. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "pso::KeyDefBuilderODBC::KeyDefBuilderODBC (psoUint32 numKeyFields, bool simple = \fCtrue\fP)"
.PP
Construct a data-container definition. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInumKeyFields\fP The number of key fields. 
.br
\fIsimple\fP Set this to true if the definition type is 'simple' (fixed length fields) or false if not.
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpso::Exception\fP An abnormal error occured. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual pso::KeyDefBuilderODBC::~KeyDefBuilderODBC ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void pso::KeyDefBuilderODBC::AddKeyField (std::string & name, psoKeyType type, psoUint32 length)"
.PP
Add a key field to the definition. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP The name of the field 
.br
\fItype\fP The data type of the field. 
.br
\fIlength\fP The length of the key (needed for some data types).
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpso::Exception\fP An abnormal error occured. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void pso::KeyDefBuilderODBC::AddKeyField (const char * name, psoUint32 nameLength, psoKeyType type, psoUint32 length)"
.PP
Add a field to the definition. 
.PP
Fields must be added in order.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP The name of the field 
.br
\fInameLength\fP The length of the name (in bytes). 
.br
\fItype\fP The data type of the field. 
.br
\fIlength\fP The length of the key (needed for some data types).
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpso::Exception\fP An abnormal error occured. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual const unsigned char* pso::KeyDefBuilderODBC::GetDefinition ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Retrieve the key definition. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The definition of the key as an array of bytes. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual psoUint32 pso::KeyDefBuilderODBC::GetDefLength ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns the length, in bytes, of the definition. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The length, in bytes, of the definition 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "psoKeyFieldDefinition* \fBpso::KeyDefBuilderODBC::keys\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
The C struct array holding the definition of the key fields. 
.PP
Definition at line 105 of file KeyDefBuilderODBC.
.SS "psoUint32 \fBpso::KeyDefBuilderODBC::numKeys\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Number of keys in the definition. 
.PP
Definition at line 108 of file KeyDefBuilderODBC.
.SS "psoUint32 \fBpso::KeyDefBuilderODBC::currentKey\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Iterator. 
.PP
Definition at line 111 of file KeyDefBuilderODBC.
.SS "bool \fBpso::KeyDefBuilderODBC::simpleDef\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
true if the definition type is odbc simple, false otherwise. 
.PP
Definition at line 114 of file KeyDefBuilderODBC.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Photon C++ API from the source code.
