.TH "psoLifo.h" 3 "11 Dec 2008" "Version 0.4.0" "Photon Software" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
psoLifo.h \- 
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This file provides the API needed to access a Photon LIFO queue. 


.PP
Definition in file \fBpsoLifo.h\fP.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <photon/psoCommon.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoLifoClose\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP objectHandle)"
.br
.RI "\fIClose a LIFO queue. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoLifoDefinition\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, \fBpsoBasicObjectDef\fP *definition, \fBpsoUint32\fP numFields, \fBpsoFieldDefinition\fP *fields)"
.br
.RI "\fIRetrieve the data definition of the queue. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoLifoGetFirst\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, void *buffer, \fBpsoUint32\fP bufferLength, \fBpsoUint32\fP *returnedLength)"
.br
.RI "\fIIterate through the queue - no data items are removed from the queue by this function. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoLifoGetNext\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, void *buffer, \fBpsoUint32\fP bufferLength, \fBpsoUint32\fP *returnedLength)"
.br
.RI "\fIIterate through the queue - no data items are removed from the queue by this function. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoLifoOpen\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP sessionHandle, const char *queueName, \fBpsoUint32\fP nameLengthInBytes, \fBPSO_HANDLE\fP *objectHandle)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpen an existing LIFO queue (see \fBpsoCreateObject\fP to create a new queue). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoLifoPop\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, void *buffer, \fBpsoUint32\fP bufferLength, \fBpsoUint32\fP *returnedLength)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove the first item from the beginning of a LIFO queue and return it to the caller. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoLifoPush\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, const void *pItem, \fBpsoUint32\fP length)"
.br
.RI "\fIInsert a data element at the end of the LIFO queue. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoLifoStatus\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, \fBpsoObjStatus\fP *pStatus)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the status of the queue. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Photon Software from the source code.
