.TH "psoObjStatus" 3 "11 Dec 2008" "Version 0.4.0" "Photon Software" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
psoObjStatus \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <psoCommon.h>\fP
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This data structure is used to retrieve the status of objects. 
.PP
Definition at line 279 of file psoCommon.h.
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpsoObjectType\fP \fBtype\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe object type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstatus\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStatus of the object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBnumBlocks\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of blocks allocated to this object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBnumBlockGroup\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of groups of blocks allocated to this object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBnumDataItem\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of data items in this object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBfreeBytes\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe amount of free space available in the blocks allocated to this object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpsoUint32\fP \fBmaxDataLength\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMaximum data length (in bytes). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpsoUint32\fP \fBmaxKeyLength\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMaximum key length (in bytes) if keys are supported - zero otherwise. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBpsoObjectType\fP \fBpsoObjStatus::type\fP"
.PP
The object type. 
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 282 of file psoCommon.h.
.SS "int \fBpsoObjStatus::status\fP"
.PP
Status of the object. 
.PP
For example, created but not committed, etc. 
.PP
Definition at line 289 of file psoCommon.h.
.SS "size_t \fBpsoObjStatus::numBlocks\fP"
.PP
The number of blocks allocated to this object. 
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 292 of file psoCommon.h.
.SS "size_t \fBpsoObjStatus::numBlockGroup\fP"
.PP
The number of groups of blocks allocated to this object. 
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 295 of file psoCommon.h.
.SS "size_t \fBpsoObjStatus::numDataItem\fP"
.PP
The number of data items in this object. 
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 298 of file psoCommon.h.
.SS "size_t \fBpsoObjStatus::freeBytes\fP"
.PP
The amount of free space available in the blocks allocated to this object. 
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 301 of file psoCommon.h.
.SS "\fBpsoUint32\fP \fBpsoObjStatus::maxDataLength\fP"
.PP
Maximum data length (in bytes). 
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 304 of file psoCommon.h.
.SS "\fBpsoUint32\fP \fBpsoObjStatus::maxKeyLength\fP"
.PP
Maximum key length (in bytes) if keys are supported - zero otherwise. 
.PP
Definition at line 307 of file psoCommon.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Photon Software from the source code.
