.TH "psoPhotonODBC.h" 3 "25 Jun 2009" "Version 0.5.0" "Photon Software" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
psoPhotonODBC.h \- 
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This file provides the basic data structures needed to implement the definition type PSO_DEF_PHOTON_ODBC_SIMPLE. 


.PP
Definition in file \fBpsoPhotonODBC.h\fP.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <photon/psoCommon.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBpsoKeyFieldDefinition\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDescription of the structure of the hash map key. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBpsoFieldDefinition\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDescription of the structure of the data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBpsoDateStruct\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBpsoTimeStruct\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBpsoTimeStampStruct\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBpsoNumericStruct\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBPSO_MAX_FIELD_LENGTH\fP   32"
.br
.RI "\fIMaximum number of bytes of the name of a field of a pso object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBPSO_MAX_FIELDS\fP   65535"
.br
.RI "\fIMaximum number of fields (including the last one). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBPSO_FIELD_MAX_PRECISION\fP   30"
.br
.RI "\fIMaximum size of a decimal field. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBPSO_MAX_NUMERIC_LEN\fP   8"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBpsoKeyFieldDefinition\fP \fBpsoKeyFieldDefinition\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBpsoFieldDefinition\fP \fBpsoFieldDefinition\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Enumerations"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBpsoFieldType\fP { \fBPSO_CHAR\fP =  101, \fBPSO_VARCHAR\fP, \fBPSO_LONGVARCHAR\fP, \fBPSO_TINYINT\fP, \fBPSO_SMALLINT\fP, \fBPSO_INTEGER\fP, \fBPSO_BIGINT\fP, \fBPSO_NUMERIC\fP, \fBPSO_REAL\fP, \fBPSO_DOUBLE\fP, \fBPSO_BINARY\fP, \fBPSO_VARBINARY\fP, \fBPSO_LONGVARBINARY\fP, \fBPSO_DATE\fP, \fBPSO_TIME\fP, \fBPSO_TIMESTAMP\fP }"
.br
.RI "\fIPhoton supported data types. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBpsoKeyType\fP { \fBPSO_KEY_CHAR\fP =  1001, \fBPSO_KEY_VARCHAR\fP, \fBPSO_KEY_LONGVARCHAR\fP, \fBPSO_KEY_INTEGER\fP, \fBPSO_KEY_BIGINT\fP, \fBPSO_KEY_BINARY\fP, \fBPSO_KEY_VARBINARY\fP, \fBPSO_KEY_LONGVARBINARY\fP, \fBPSO_KEY_DATE\fP, \fBPSO_KEY_TIME\fP, \fBPSO_KEY_TIMESTAMP\fP }"
.br
.RI "\fIPhoton supported data types for keys. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define PSO_FIELD_MAX_PRECISION   30"
.PP
Maximum size of a decimal field. 
.PP
Definition at line 57 of file psoPhotonODBC.h.
.SS "#define PSO_MAX_FIELD_LENGTH   32"
.PP
Maximum number of bytes of the name of a field of a pso object. 
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file psoPhotonODBC.h.
.SS "#define PSO_MAX_FIELDS   65535"
.PP
Maximum number of fields (including the last one). 
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file psoPhotonODBC.h.
.SS "#define PSO_MAX_NUMERIC_LEN   8"
.PP
Definition at line 219 of file psoPhotonODBC.h.
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef struct \fBpsoFieldDefinition\fP \fBpsoFieldDefinition\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 188 of file psoPhotonODBC.h.
.SS "typedef struct \fBpsoKeyFieldDefinition\fP \fBpsoKeyFieldDefinition\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 158 of file psoPhotonODBC.h.
.SH "Enumeration Type Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBpsoFieldType\fP"
.PP
Photon supported data types. 
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIPSO_CHAR \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIPSO_VARCHAR \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIPSO_LONGVARCHAR \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIPSO_TINYINT \fP\fP
A one-byte integer. 
.PP

.TP
\fB\fIPSO_SMALLINT \fP\fP
A two-bytes integer. 
.PP

.TP
\fB\fIPSO_INTEGER \fP\fP
A four-bytes integer. 
.PP

.TP
\fB\fIPSO_BIGINT \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIPSO_NUMERIC \fP\fP
The decimal type should be mapped to the \fBpsoNumericStruct\fP struct. 
.TP
\fB\fIPSO_REAL \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIPSO_DOUBLE \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIPSO_BINARY \fP\fP
An opaque type of fixed length. 
.PP

.TP
\fB\fIPSO_VARBINARY \fP\fP
A variable length opaque type with a maximum length. 
.PP

.TP
\fB\fIPSO_LONGVARBINARY \fP\fP
A variable length opaque type with no maximum length constraint. 
.PP
The length of that field is constrained by the maximum length of a data record. Only valid for the last field of the data definition 
.TP
\fB\fIPSO_DATE \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIPSO_TIME \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIPSO_TIMESTAMP \fP\fP

.PP
Definition at line 64 of file psoPhotonODBC.h.
.SS "enum \fBpsoKeyType\fP"
.PP
Photon supported data types for keys. 
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIPSO_KEY_CHAR \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIPSO_KEY_VARCHAR \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIPSO_KEY_LONGVARCHAR \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIPSO_KEY_INTEGER \fP\fP
A four-bytes integer. 
.PP

.TP
\fB\fIPSO_KEY_BIGINT \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIPSO_KEY_BINARY \fP\fP
An opaque type of fixed length. 
.PP

.TP
\fB\fIPSO_KEY_VARBINARY \fP\fP
A variable length opaque type with a maximum length. 
.PP

.TP
\fB\fIPSO_KEY_LONGVARBINARY \fP\fP
A variable length opaque type with no maximum length constraint. 
.PP
The length of that field is constrained by the maximum length of a data record. Only valid for the last field of the data definition 
.TP
\fB\fIPSO_KEY_DATE \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIPSO_KEY_TIME \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIPSO_KEY_TIMESTAMP \fP\fP

.PP
Definition at line 111 of file psoPhotonODBC.h.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Photon Software from the source code.
