.TH "psoQueue.h" 3 "11 Dec 2008" "Version 0.4.0" "Photon Software" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
psoQueue.h \- 
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This file provides the API needed to access a Photon FIFO queue. 


.PP
Definition in file \fBpsoQueue.h\fP.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <photon/psoCommon.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoQueueClose\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP objectHandle)"
.br
.RI "\fIClose a FIFO queue. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoQueueDefinition\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, \fBpsoBasicObjectDef\fP *definition, \fBpsoUint32\fP numFields, \fBpsoFieldDefinition\fP *fields)"
.br
.RI "\fIRetrieve the data definition of the queue. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoQueueGetFirst\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, void *buffer, \fBpsoUint32\fP bufferLength, \fBpsoUint32\fP *returnedLength)"
.br
.RI "\fIIterate through the queue - no data items are removed from the queue by this function. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoQueueGetNext\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, void *buffer, \fBpsoUint32\fP bufferLength, \fBpsoUint32\fP *returnedLength)"
.br
.RI "\fIIterate through the queue - no data items are removed from the queue by this function. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoQueueOpen\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP sessionHandle, const char *queueName, \fBpsoUint32\fP nameLengthInBytes, \fBPSO_HANDLE\fP *objectHandle)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpen an existing FIFO queue (see \fBpsoCreateObject\fP to create a new queue). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoQueuePop\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, void *buffer, \fBpsoUint32\fP bufferLength, \fBpsoUint32\fP *returnedLength)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove the first item from the beginning of a FIFO queue and return it to the caller. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoQueuePush\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, const void *pItem, \fBpsoUint32\fP length)"
.br
.RI "\fIInsert a data element at the end of the FIFO queue. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoQueuePushNow\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, const void *pItem, \fBpsoUint32\fP length)"
.br
.RI "\fIInsert a data element at the end of the FIFO queue. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "PHOTON_EXPORT int \fBpsoQueueStatus\fP (\fBPSO_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, \fBpsoObjStatus\fP *pStatus)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the status of the queue. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Photon Software from the source code.
