.TH "vdsException" 3 "18 Mar 2008" "Version 0.2" "vdsf C++ API" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
vdsException \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 39 of file vdsException.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBvdsException\fP (int theErrorCode, VDS_HANDLE sessionHandle, const char *functionName)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstruct a vdsf exception using the return code from the C function and the name of the function throwing it. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~vdsException\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string & \fBMessage\fP (std::string &errorMessage)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the error message. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string & \fBMessage\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the error message. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBErrorCode\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the error code associated with the exception. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBmsg\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBerrcode\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "vdsException::vdsException (int theErrorCode, VDS_HANDLE sessionHandle, const char * functionName)"
.PP
Construct a vdsf exception using the return code from the C function and the name of the function throwing it. 
.PP
.SS "virtual vdsException::~vdsException ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int vdsException::ErrorCode ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Return the error code associated with the exception. 
.PP
Definition at line 58 of file vdsException.
.SS "std::string& vdsException::Message ()"
.PP
Return the error message. 
.PP
.SS "std::string& vdsException::Message (std::string & errorMessage)"
.PP
Return the error message. 
.PP
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBvdsException::errcode\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 64 of file vdsException.
.SS "std::string \fBvdsException::msg\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file vdsException.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for vdsf C++ API from the source code.
