.TH "vdsFolder.h" 3 "8 Jul 2008" "Version 0.3.0" "vdsf C API" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
vdsFolder.h \- 
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This file provides the API needed to access a VDSF folder. 


.PP
Definition in file \fBvdsFolder.h\fP.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <vdsf/vdsCommon.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsFolderClose\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP objectHandle)"
.br
.RI "\fIClose a folder. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsFolderCreateObject\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP folderHandle, const char *objectName, size_t nameLengthInBytes, \fBvdsObjectDefinition\fP *pDefinition)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a new object in shared memory as a child of the current folder. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsFolderCreateObjectXML\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP folderHandle, const char *xmlBuffer, size_t lengthInBytes)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a new object in shared memory as a child of the current folder. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsFolderDestroyObject\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP folderHandle, const char *objectName, size_t nameLengthInBytes)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestroy an object, child of the current folder, in shared memory. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsFolderGetFirst\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, \fBvdsFolderEntry\fP *pEntry)"
.br
.RI "\fIIterate through the folder - no data items are removed from the folder by this function. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsFolderGetNext\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, \fBvdsFolderEntry\fP *pEntry)"
.br
.RI "\fIIterate through the folder. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsFolderOpen\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP sessionHandle, const char *folderName, size_t nameLengthInBytes, \fBVDS_HANDLE\fP *objectHandle)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpen an existing folder (see \fBvdsCreateObject\fP to create a new folder). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsFolderStatus\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, \fBvdsObjStatus\fP *pStatus)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the status of the folder. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for vdsf C API from the source code.
