.TH "vdsHashMap.h" 3 "4 Jul 2008" "Version 0.3.0" "vdsf C API" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
vdsHashMap.h \- 
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This file provides the API needed to access a VDSF hash map. 

Hash maps use unique keys - the data items are not sorted. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBvdsHashMap.h\fP.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <vdsf/vdsCommon.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsHashMapClose\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP objectHandle)"
.br
.RI "\fIClose a Hash Map. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsHashMapDefinition\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, \fBvdsObjectDefinition\fP **definition)"
.br
.RI "\fIRetrieve the data definition of the hash map. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsHashMapDelete\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, const void *key, size_t keyLength)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove the data item identified by the given key from the hash map. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsHashMapGet\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, const void *key, size_t keyLength, void *buffer, size_t bufferLength, size_t *returnedLength)"
.br
.RI "\fIRetrieve the data item identified by the given key from the hash map. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsHashMapGetFirst\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, void *key, size_t keyLength, void *buffer, size_t bufferLength, size_t *retKeyLength, size_t *retDataLength)"
.br
.RI "\fIIterate through the hash map. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsHashMapGetNext\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, void *key, size_t keyLength, void *buffer, size_t bufferLength, size_t *retKeyLength, size_t *retDataLength)"
.br
.RI "\fIIterate through the hash map. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsHashMapInsert\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, const void *key, size_t keyLength, const void *data, size_t dataLength)"
.br
.RI "\fIInsert a data element in the hash map. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsHashMapOpen\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP sessionHandle, const char *hashMapName, size_t nameLengthInBytes, \fBVDS_HANDLE\fP *objectHandle)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpen an existing hash map (see \fBvdsCreateObject\fP to create a new object). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsHashMapReplace\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, const void *key, size_t keyLength, const void *data, size_t dataLength)"
.br
.RI "\fIReplace a data element in the hash map. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsHashMapStatus\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, \fBvdsObjStatus\fP *pStatus)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the status of the hash map. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for vdsf C API from the source code.
