.TH "vdsInfo" 3 "18 Aug 2008" "Version 0.3.0" "vdsf C API" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
vdsInfo \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <vdsCommon.h>\fP
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This data structure is used to retrieve the status of the virtual data space. 
.PP
Definition at line 263 of file vdsCommon.h.
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBtotalSizeInBytes\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITotal size of the virtual data space. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBallocatedSizeInBytes\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITotal size of the allocated blocks. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBnumObjects\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINumber of API objects in the vds (internal objects are not counted). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBnumGroups\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITotal number of groups of blocks. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBnumMallocs\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINumber of calls to allocate groups of blocks. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBnumFrees\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINumber of calls to free groups of blocks. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBlargestFreeInBytes\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILargest contiguous group of free blocks. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmemoryVersion\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIVDS version. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBbigEndian\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIEndianess (0 for little endian, 1 for big endian). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBcompiler\fP [20]"
.br
.RI "\fICompiler name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBcompilerVersion\fP [10]"
.br
.RI "\fICompiler version (if available). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBplatform\fP [20]"
.br
.RI "\fIPlatform. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBdllVersion\fP [10]"
.br
.RI "\fIShared lib version. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBwatchdogVersion\fP [10]"
.br
.RI "\fIThe watchdog version (of the vds creator). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBcreationTime\fP [30]"
.br
.RI "\fITimestamp of creation of VDS. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "size_t \fBvdsInfo::totalSizeInBytes\fP"
.PP
Total size of the virtual data space. 
.PP
Definition at line 266 of file vdsCommon.h.
.SS "size_t \fBvdsInfo::allocatedSizeInBytes\fP"
.PP
Total size of the allocated blocks. 
.PP
Definition at line 269 of file vdsCommon.h.
.SS "size_t \fBvdsInfo::numObjects\fP"
.PP
Number of API objects in the vds (internal objects are not counted). 
.PP
Definition at line 272 of file vdsCommon.h.
.SS "size_t \fBvdsInfo::numGroups\fP"
.PP
Total number of groups of blocks. 
.PP
Definition at line 275 of file vdsCommon.h.
.SS "size_t \fBvdsInfo::numMallocs\fP"
.PP
Number of calls to allocate groups of blocks. 
.PP
Definition at line 278 of file vdsCommon.h.
.SS "size_t \fBvdsInfo::numFrees\fP"
.PP
Number of calls to free groups of blocks. 
.PP
Definition at line 281 of file vdsCommon.h.
.SS "size_t \fBvdsInfo::largestFreeInBytes\fP"
.PP
Largest contiguous group of free blocks. 
.PP
Definition at line 284 of file vdsCommon.h.
.SS "int \fBvdsInfo::memoryVersion\fP"
.PP
VDS version. 
.PP
Definition at line 287 of file vdsCommon.h.
.SS "int \fBvdsInfo::bigEndian\fP"
.PP
Endianess (0 for little endian, 1 for big endian). 
.PP
Definition at line 290 of file vdsCommon.h.
.SS "char \fBvdsInfo::compiler\fP[20]"
.PP
Compiler name. 
.PP
Definition at line 293 of file vdsCommon.h.
.SS "char \fBvdsInfo::compilerVersion\fP[10]"
.PP
Compiler version (if available). 
.PP
Definition at line 296 of file vdsCommon.h.
.SS "char \fBvdsInfo::platform\fP[20]"
.PP
Platform. 
.PP
Definition at line 299 of file vdsCommon.h.
.SS "char \fBvdsInfo::dllVersion\fP[10]"
.PP
Shared lib version. 
.PP
Definition at line 302 of file vdsCommon.h.
.SS "char \fBvdsInfo::watchdogVersion\fP[10]"
.PP
The watchdog version (of the vds creator). 
.PP
Definition at line 305 of file vdsCommon.h.
.SS "char \fBvdsInfo::creationTime\fP[30]"
.PP
Timestamp of creation of VDS. 
.PP
Definition at line 308 of file vdsCommon.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for vdsf C API from the source code.
