.TH "vdsLifo.h" 3 "18 Aug 2008" "Version 0.3.0" "vdsf C API" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
vdsLifo.h \- 
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This file provides the API needed to access a VDSF LIFO queue. 


.PP
Definition in file \fBvdsLifo.h\fP.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <vdsf/vdsCommon.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsLifoClose\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP objectHandle)"
.br
.RI "\fIClose a LIFO queue. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsLifoDefinition\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, \fBvdsObjectDefinition\fP **definition)"
.br
.RI "\fIRetrieve the data definition of the queue. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsLifoGetFirst\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, void *buffer, size_t bufferLength, size_t *returnedLength)"
.br
.RI "\fIIterate through the queue - no data items are removed from the queue by this function. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsLifoGetNext\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, void *buffer, size_t bufferLength, size_t *returnedLength)"
.br
.RI "\fIIterate through the queue - no data items are removed from the queue by this function. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsLifoOpen\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP sessionHandle, const char *queueName, size_t nameLengthInBytes, \fBVDS_HANDLE\fP *objectHandle)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpen an existing LIFO queue (see \fBvdsCreateObject\fP to create a new queue). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsLifoPop\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, void *buffer, size_t bufferLength, size_t *returnedLength)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove the first item from the beginning of a LIFO queue and return it to the caller. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsLifoPush\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, const void *pItem, size_t length)"
.br
.RI "\fIInsert a data element at the end of the LIFO queue. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "VDSF_EXPORT int \fBvdsLifoStatus\fP (\fBVDS_HANDLE\fP objectHandle, \fBvdsObjStatus\fP *pStatus)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the status of the queue. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for vdsf C API from the source code.
