.TH "vdsObjStatus" 3 "18 Aug 2008" "Version 0.3.0" "vdsf C API" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
vdsObjStatus \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <vdsCommon.h>\fP
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This data structure is used to retrieve the status of objects. 
.PP
Definition at line 228 of file vdsCommon.h.
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBvdsObjectType\fP \fBtype\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe object type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstatus\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStatus (created but not committed, etc. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBnumBlocks\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of blocks allocated to this object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBnumBlockGroup\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of groups of blocks allocated to this object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBnumDataItem\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of data items in thisa object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBfreeBytes\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe amount of free space available in the blocks allocated to this object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBmaxDataLength\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMaximum data length (in bytes). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBmaxKeyLength\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMaximum key length (in bytes) if keys are supported - zero otherwise. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBvdsObjectType\fP \fBvdsObjStatus::type\fP"
.PP
The object type. 
.PP
Definition at line 231 of file vdsCommon.h.
.SS "int \fBvdsObjStatus::status\fP"
.PP
Status (created but not committed, etc. 
.PP
) - not used in version 0.1 
.PP
Definition at line 234 of file vdsCommon.h.
.SS "size_t \fBvdsObjStatus::numBlocks\fP"
.PP
The number of blocks allocated to this object. 
.PP
Definition at line 237 of file vdsCommon.h.
.SS "size_t \fBvdsObjStatus::numBlockGroup\fP"
.PP
The number of groups of blocks allocated to this object. 
.PP
Definition at line 240 of file vdsCommon.h.
.SS "size_t \fBvdsObjStatus::numDataItem\fP"
.PP
The number of data items in thisa object. 
.PP
Definition at line 243 of file vdsCommon.h.
.SS "size_t \fBvdsObjStatus::freeBytes\fP"
.PP
The amount of free space available in the blocks allocated to this object. 
.PP
Definition at line 246 of file vdsCommon.h.
.SS "size_t \fBvdsObjStatus::maxDataLength\fP"
.PP
Maximum data length (in bytes). 
.PP
Definition at line 249 of file vdsCommon.h.
.SS "size_t \fBvdsObjStatus::maxKeyLength\fP"
.PP
Maximum key length (in bytes) if keys are supported - zero otherwise. 
.PP
Definition at line 252 of file vdsCommon.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for vdsf C API from the source code.
