\input texinfo
@setfilename quasar.info
@documentencoding iso-8859-1
@settitle quasar
@direntry
* quasar: (quasar).             starts the Photon server
@end direntry

@node Top
@top quasar

@noindent
@anchor{name}
@chapheading Name

quasar --- starts the Photon server

@noindent
@anchor{synopsis}
@chapheading Synopsis

@noindent
@anchor{Testing the configuration file [and exit];}
@heading Testing the configuration file (and exit):

@samp{quasar -c|--config} @emph{config_filename }@code{-t|--test}

@noindent
@anchor{Verifying the shared memory [and exit];}
@heading Verifying the shared memory (and exit):

@samp{quasar -c|--config} @emph{config_filename }@code{-v|--verify}

@noindent
@anchor{Getting [minimal] help;}
@heading Getting (minimal) help:

@samp{quasar -h|--help|-?}

@noindent
@anchor{Running normally;}
@heading Running normally:

@samp{quasar -c|--config} @emph{config_filename }[@code{-d|--daemon}]

@noindent
@anchor{DESCRIPTION}
@chapheading DESCRIPTION

quasar is the shared-memory creator and keeper and the crash-recovery server
of the Photon Framework. Currently, crash recovery is only done when this program is 
started.

@noindent
@anchor{OPTIONS}
@chapheading OPTIONS

@table @asis

@item @code{-c}, @code{--config} @var{config_filename}
The name of the configuration file (see 
CONFIGURATION (@pxref{CONFIGURATION})
below).

@item @code{-d}, @code{--daemon}
Become a Unix daemon. Error reporting is done using the system logger (syslog).
This option is not available on Windows.

@item @code{-h}, @code{--help}, @code{-?}
Display minimal usage information.

@item @code{-t}, @code{--test}
Test the configuration file and exit.

@item @code{-v}, @code{--verify}
Verify the content of the shared-memory file without modifying it 
and exit.
@end table

@noindent
@anchor{CONFIGURATION}
@chapheading CONFIGURATION

The configuration file is a simple XML file with tags, values and 
attributes as explained below.

@table @asis

@item @emph{mem_location}
The path of the directory where the server will find the shared-memory file
and auxiliary files (these files will be created if they do not exist).

Example: <mem_location>/tmp/photon</mem_location>

@item @emph{mem_size}
The total size of the shared memory. This size can be expressed in multiple
units, kbytes ("kb"), megabytes ("mb") or gigabytes ("gb").  
For example a shared memory of 10 Megabytes can either be written as 

<mem_size size="10240" units="kb" />

or 

<mem_size size="10" units="mb" />.

On many modern systems, only the actual pages in use will
be loaded - therefore this parameter can be quite large 
(you'll need the space on disk however - in fact twice as
large to accomodate a backup of the memory file). 

@item @emph{quasar_address}
The local TCP/IP port the server will use to listen for new connection 
requests.

Example: <quasar_address>10701</quasar_address>

@item @emph{file_access access}
This parameter defines which "class" of users should have full access to 
the shared-memory backstore and all other related files. In other words, 
the class of users that can access and use Photon (Unix only).

Three possible answers: 

"user" - only the user that launched/will launch the server (and 
created/will create the files).

"group" - only users that belong to the same group of the user that 
launched/will launched the server...

"world" - no restriction - all users are allowed. Not recommended in
most cases.

If the user launching the server belongs to more than one group,
you can specify which group should be used by using something like this:

<file_access access="group" group="photon"/>

Note: this is mainly for future development, for example if you
want the web server (or a database or...) to access shared memory,
you can create a group, photon, and add the user apache (or
equivalent) to this group.
@end table

@noindent
@anchor{REPORTING BUGS}
@chapheading REPORTING BUGS

Report bugs to <dprevost@@photonsoftware.org>.

@noindent
@anchor{COPYRIGHT}
@chapheading COPYRIGHT

Copyright @copyright{} 2008 Daniel Pr@'evost.

@bye
