\input texinfo
@setfilename vdswd.info
@documentencoding iso-8859-1
@settitle vdswd
@direntry
* vdswd: (vdswd).               starts the vdsf watchdog
@end direntry

@node Top
@top vdswd

@noindent
@anchor{name}
@chapheading Name

vdswd --- starts the vdsf watchdog

@noindent
@anchor{synopsis}
@chapheading Synopsis

@noindent
@anchor{Testing the configuration file [and exit];}
@heading Testing the configuration file (and exit):

@samp{vdswd -c|--config} @emph{config_filename }@code{-t|--test}

@noindent
@anchor{Verifying the VDS [and exit];}
@heading Verifying the VDS (and exit):

@samp{vdswd -c|--config} @emph{config_filename }@code{-v|--verify}

@noindent
@anchor{Getting [minimal] help;}
@heading Getting (minimal) help:

@samp{vdswd -h|--help|-?}

@noindent
@anchor{Running normally;}
@heading Running normally:

@samp{vdswd -c|--config} @emph{config_filename }[@code{-d|--daemon}]

@noindent
@anchor{DESCRIPTION}
@chapheading DESCRIPTION

vdswd is the crash-recovery daemon (the watchdog) of the Virtual Data Space
Framework (VDSF). Currently, crash recovery is only done when this program is 
started.

@noindent
@anchor{OPTIONS}
@chapheading OPTIONS

@table @asis

@item @code{-c}, @code{--config} @var{config_filename}
The name of the configuration file (see 
CONFIGURATION (@pxref{CONFIGURATION})
below).

@item @code{-d}, @code{--daemon}
Become a Unix daemon. Error reporting is done using the system logger (syslog).
This option is not available on Windows.

@item @code{-h}, @code{--help}, @code{-?}
Display minimal usage information.

@item @code{-t}, @code{--test}
Test the configuration file and exit.

@item @code{-v}, @code{--verify}
Verify the content of the shared-memory file (VDS) without modifying it 
and exit.
@end table

@noindent
@anchor{CONFIGURATION}
@chapheading CONFIGURATION

The syntax of the configuration file is very simple, pairs of keys and values.
Lines starting with # are comments.

@table @asis

@item @emph{VDSLocation}
The path of the directory where the watchdog will find the shared-memory file
and auxiliary files (these files will be created if they do not exist).

@item @emph{MemorySize}
The total size of the shared memory in units of kiloBytes.

@item @emph{WatchdogAddress}
The local TCP/IP port the watchdog will use to listen for new connection 
requests.

@item @emph{FilePermissions}
The file permissions used for the shared-memory file.

@item @emph{DirectoryPermissions}
The file permissions used for the directory holding the shared-memory file.
@end table

@noindent
@anchor{REPORTING BUGS}
@chapheading REPORTING BUGS

Report bugs to <dprevost@@users.sourceforge.net>.

@noindent
@anchor{COPYRIGHT}
@chapheading COPYRIGHT

Copyright @copyright{} 2008 Daniel Pr@'evost.

@bye
